fix: auto-cleanup by bot (#40385)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/text_styling/web_fonts/index.md

- {{cssxref("@font-face/font-weight", "font-weight")}}/{{cssxref("@font-face/font-style", "font-style")}}: These lines specify what weight the font has and whether it is italic or not. If you are importing multiple weights of the same font, you can specify what their weight/style is and then use different values of `font-weight`/`font-style` to choose between them, rather than having to call all the different members of the font family different names. [@font-face tip: define font-weight and font-style to keep your CSS simple](https://www.456bereastreet.com/archive/201012/font-face_tip_define_font-weight_and_font-style_to_keep_your_css_simple/) by Roger Johansson shows what to do in more detail.

> - {{cssxref("@fon-facet/font-display", "font-display")}}: This line specifies how the font is displayed while it is loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{cssxref("@font-face/font-display", "font-display")}}: This line specifies how the font is displayed while it is loading.
```
